# Engagement+
Engagement+ is an intuitive and polished tool enabling TD Bank employees to better engage their customers. Utilizing customer data and powerful analysis, Engagement+ is able to bring focus to the most important aspects of customer engagement. Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn APIs are run through a Natural Language Processing (NLP) filter and used to develop a database of positive interests for each customer, allowing representatives to start personalized conversations based off machine-generated suggestions. Furthermore, with speech-to-text capabilities, Engagement+ is able to build further interests using the major conversation topics determined by NLP. By establishing the two-layer interaction, Engagement+ empowers employees to make customer service more friendly and engaging.

Engagement+ also incorporates data analytics for personalized advice. Firstly, it displays a heatmap of customer spending across the entire world. This map helps employees better understand the context in which their customers spend money. For example, knowing that a customer spends more money in other countries could lead to discussions about internaional banking credit cards. Furthermore, Engagement+ provides charts and graphs of important banking data while making predictions based on old spending habits.

Goat Team (Development Team) plans on improving Engagement+ with better data analytics tools for a variety of data sources. They also plan on training a machine-learning model to better generate question suggestions. They hope to incorporate more sources into the interest database from other social media sites (Instagram, Pinterest, etc). Finally, they hope to roll this product out in TD Bank branches enabling in-person representatives to provide excellent customer service.
